what's going on guys and welcome to
modern warfare 2 I'm sure you are very
unfamiliar with it
but I'm gonna be taking out the trash
otherwise known as boosters but I'm not
gonna be talking about that at all so
enjoy the backdrop as I ramble on about
other things which actually I wanted to
talk about an article that I read
yesterday on Yahoo with regards to a new
sort of Facebook mobile application that
had one yahoo.com writers panties all up
in a bunch or so it seemed about the
whole privacy issue because as we all
know Facebook has had issues with
people's privacy and that people have
claimed or actually proved that they
could steal anyone's information with
ease if they have the right sort of
knowledge of how the system works but
anyway what it is is this new Facebook
application called places and what the
whole purpose of it is is that if you
are going to say a movie theater to use
an example from the article you can go
on to your iPhone or whatever and you
can quote unquote checked in to that
place and announced everyone on your
friend list or whatever that you are at
that movie theater and you can also if
if will actually let me clarify one
thing you have to be in the geographic
location of whatever place you are
checking in to like you can't go and
check in to the Taj Mahal
if you're sitting at your house in
California it just it won't let you do
that because you're not geographically
close to that location and it uses the
GPS system on your phone to to verify
that but anyway you can you can say I'm
at the movies right now and check in and
it'll I don't know put a dot over over
the movies saying your name or something
but the whole the whole privacy issue
was that you can also check in your
friends so if you're going to the movies
with Jack and Jill you can say hey I'm
at the movies with Jack and Jill in it
and it'll pop up both their names as
well over the movie theater location
and aside from the fact that it
announces it to your friend list or
whatever on Facebook apparently it also
will announce it to other Facebook
places users in that general vicinity at
that movie theater as well so I guess
people's concern is that random people
can see okay this person is also at the
movie theater with with me which I
personally don't see the whole concern
in in the the rapists trying to get
everybody out there but I had some
people I guess think that though the
reason I find it extremely stupid is I
don't know why but it reminds me of some
sort of real-life Xbox Live party it's
like I don't know if you go if you guys
all have Xbox is out there probably most
of you do I'm sure there are many ps3
only users as well but basically on the
Xbox on the dashboard under the whatever
what is it the friends tab you can see a
list of all your friends and the parties
that they're in so I don't know why
would I just think of it as some some
real-life Xbox Live party like may Jack
and Jill are all in this one party on
Facebook at the movies because we can't
just leave it to real life we have to
augment reality even further and I guess
I guess I just picture it as another way
for Facebook to perhaps ruin your
marriage in that I don't know you always
see in in movies and TV shows I'm not
married I would not have first-hand
experience with this but it's like I
don't know you and your buddy Jack as I
keep using that name are planning on
going and doing something which your
wife doesn't fully approve of I don't
know going to a shooting range or
something to stay in the spirit of
modern warfare 2 but you say hey sweetie
I'm actually gonna go and I don't know
do a more sensitive activity I'm gonna
learn knitting but then you go to the
shooting range and Jack logs both of you
into Facebook places and your wife just
happens to go on to Facebook at that
time and it says oh my husband is at the
shooting range
and you will arrive back home after a
fun time at the shooting range to an
angry woman and I don't know Facebook
has just ruined another marriage
apparently I I don't even know where
that came from
but still I just think the whole idea is
kind of silly I'm sure people will use
it it'll become a fad or some something
but anyway that's about all I wanted to
talk about on that subject also just a
quick note YouTube has finally managed
to fix another thing that wasn't broken
in that I got I'm sure you guys have
noticed the whole account management
message inbox system has been updated
and dis improved in that now all
messages in your inbox regardless of
whether or not you've read them will
appear grayed out so I've made an
attempt up to this point to read every
single message I get and respond if it
is something worthwhile but I'm
basically now thanks to Google gotten
over that very quickly so if you send me
a worthwhile message and I don't respond
to blame Google because I don't know if
I've read it or not but anyway I also
wanted to take this time to talk about
well actually do something I've never
done before but I wanted to do this time
which is talked about a couple of other
lovely commentators out there who I
think you guys might enjoy watching if
you enjoy my stuff they're really
laid-back
and so the first of the two goes by the
name Miller lights weight which i think
is a very clever pleasant play on words
Miller Lite obviously being a beer and
light weight obviously being someone who
is intolerant to too much alcohol or
gets drunk very easily so props to you
on the clever wordplay but he's he's a
really relaxed guy he's very
multifaceted in that he's not just stuck
in the modern warfare 2 Rhett he plays
many different games and I think you
guys would really enjoy his commentary
and so I'm gonna link his channel down
below in the description if you want to
go over there and say hello to him um I
think you guys would enjoy him and and
the second of the two being a youtuber
by the name of juicy box which not do
see like the clothing brand but juice
box with a Z separ
the two words and um basically he he's
also really laid-back enjoyable
commentary very pleasant relaxing
soothing voice
he's been trying the same sort of border
background thing we do Hickey that I had
been doing and seananners made popular
and he's working on it
it's not yet perfect but I I applaud him
for making an attempt because graphic
design can be difficult to make
something that pleases everyone um so
anyway uh if you guys would head on over
to both their channels I recommend it
and I think they would appreciate your
visit and yeah I guess I want to end the
commentary on that note so I mean I hope
you guys enjoyed check out their
channels in the description and on that
I'll talk to you guys all later